390 snsrmors on rnoroooss.

, to the said Roland Blaoader and his assignees; also on the
resignation hythe sub-dean of the fee of the said mods, under
reservetion of the frank tenement thereos during his lisetime‚
and the sasine of the said roods given by the bailia to Sir
William Gartsohore‚ ohaplsin, in name of the Churoh, and not
otherwise to be applied to any particular ohuroh, servios, or
altar, at the pleasure of the said sub-dean,-the ministare and
ohaplains of the service of the ohuroh or altar to whioh they
should be applied paying to the said J ohn Wan, pupil, end his
heire 28s. of annual rent only. Done in the ground of the said
roods, 18th August 1507.

264 Aunnosonn.

Instrument on the resignation by John Cwstumsre, procurator
and on behalf of Isabella Patrikson, sponse of Thomas Gardiner‚
with consent of the said Thomas, into the hands of Thomas
Hutohonson‚ bailie of Glasgow, of a pisos of land lying in the
city of Glasgow on the east side of the street as you go from the
Gethedral Churoh to the oross between the lands of the Preaohing
Friars of Glasgow on the south, and the lsnds of the said Thomas
Gsrdiner on the north; also on the sasine of the said tenement
given by the bailie to John Androson and his heire and assignees
for ever, for payment of the burdens and annual rents due and
wont. Dona on the ground of the said land, 2d September 1507.

265. [Annaosou]

instrument narrating the sale by the said Thomas Gardiner

ι to John Androsone ola oertsin pisce of land, with garden* and

pertinents, lying in the High Street ol the oity of Glasgow‚
between the lunda of the said John on the south and north
sides ; and on the resignation hythe said Thomas ol the said

⁴ The gsrdeus in tha High susat are now ooversd with mesu aud
squalid dwellings.

 

